Issues a warning when a function is not collected as a test case just because it uses `@pytest.fixture` (#12989) (#13051)
pytest-dev/pytest: changelog/12989.improvement.rst

> Issues a warning when a function is not collected as a test case just because it uses :py:func:`pytest.fixture`.
> This helps beginners distinguish fixtures from tests; experienced users can ignore the warning via config.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A warning is now issued when a fixture uses the same name convention as a test function, for example a fixture named `test_user`.

This helps preventing beginners that expect anything named `test_` to be considered a test.
```

However I'm not convinced this warning is really necessary... besides being noisy for a common pattern (`test_user` is a good example of a fixture which provides a "test user", a "user for testing"), even if somebody confuses it is not the end of the world, because being a fixture, it will usually be called *anyway* by another test function (and if not then the user did not understand anything related to fixtures and functions and the warning won't help much anyway). It would make more sense if the situation was that the code were not being called at all (so silently being ignored), but this is not the case here.

I'm -0 on this:

* Noisy for a common and valid pattern.
* Even if a beginner confuses the two, the downside is not so severe because the fixture will be called anyway.

Reviewer 2: silently-being-ignored sounds very tricky to catch, especially once you factor in partial runs with `-k` etc. That's for `codecov` to catch, although beginners probably wouldn't have that configured.

A lint rule does sound more suitable for this
